DDS-1294 [Tooltip] Tooltip does not overflow parent element, Tooltip does not open even if trigger has focus (#74)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/rude-pigs-hide.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": minor
---

**BREAKING CHANGE** Tooltip: The `closeOnClick` attribute has been removed. (DDS-1501)

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Tooltip: The `trigger` and `tooltip` of the part attribute have been removed. (DDS-1501)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Tooltip: The `trigger` and `tooltip` CSS parts have been removed. (DDS-1501)
```

**BREAKING CHANGE** Tooltip: The `tooltip` slot has been renamed to `description`. (DDS-1501)
Tooltip: The `trigger` attribute now accepts value of `"click"`. (DDS-1501)
Tooltip: The `popoverValue` attribute has been added. (DDS-1501)

> Tooltip: The `beforetoggle` and `toggle` custom events have been removed. (DDS-1501)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
